She is an Assistant Professor in department of Computer engineering. She likes teaching profession that is why she in this profession. She always ensures the things that have been taught in the lectures and/or practical have been understood by the students from merit holders to average ones. She plans her lecture in advance and cover the syllabus from both examination point of view and knowledge point of view. She  utilizes entire lecture time to impart the knowledge. She has good subject knowledge and is satisfied both a lecture well organized. As a teacher, she always have the strived for see the overall development of the students. She wants her students to be good and responsible citizens.
To build rapport with the students, she believes in strong subject knowledge, good communication skill, actually clarity and convincing power, transparency in all issues mainly assessment in term-work/papers. Honesty, dedication towards work, understanding of problems of students and colleagues and helpful nature keeps the relationships healthy.
She has published & presented 3 papers at national and 1 paper in international conference.
She is good at job and home. She wishes to devote sometime for some social work but could not manage till now. But in future she will definitely serve for society.
Her parents and teachers have played an important role in nurturing her life. Her hobbies are spending time with her daughter, touring and traveling & reading.
She has done her schooling at New English School, Bhalod, Dist-Jalgaon, Maharashtra, India
She has done BE in Computers from Pune University &  M.E from VIT, Wadala, Mumbai.
Her role model is her mother who taught her to value change, respecting others and to be patient. She appreciates honesty, truthfulness and accountability..
She has taught Computer Programming-I,  Computer Networks, Advanced Computer Networks, Web Engineering, Object Oriented Software Engineering, Web Technology, Theory of  Computer Science.
Her fields of interest are Image Processing and Web Technology in computer engineering branch.